# DropDatabase

##MicroDB Graph Database 
The MicroDB Graph Database is a graph database written in python. A graph database embodies the properties of a graph, consisting entirely of nodes and edges (relationships). Each node and relationship in the database is defined by its attributes. A user can query the database to find useful information about the graph, such as connections between nodes, shortest path to a particular node, and other interesting statistics.   

##Usage   
The database can be started by typing in 
```
python start.py   
```
This will load any graph database files from disk to restore the graph state, if one existed.   
Commands can be entered at the prompt ">>>".   
Commands are terminated by a space followed by a semicolon. For example:
```
>>> Create A asdf:12 ;
```

Here are some examples of usage:  
```
>>> create A asdf:12 ;
Nodes
[(1, {'asdf': '12'})]
Edges
[]
Identifier
{'A': (1, {'asdf': '12'})}
>>> 
>>> return A ;
Return val: (1, {'asdf': '12'})
Unique node id: 1
Nodes
[(1, {'asdf': '12'})]
Edges
[]
Identifier
{'A': (1, {'asdf': '12'})}
>>>
```   

##Framework   
The database is started by initializing the StartDatabase class. This loads the graph files from disk and starts the prompt to take input from the user. 
The parser is then called (from parser.py) and parses commands from the user, passing in the objects parsed into the linker (from linker.py). The linker then calls the appropriate evaluation methods in query_evaluator.py.   

##Testing
Testing is currently only available for the query_evaluator.py methods. The python unittest library is used for testing.
Tests for the query_evaluator methods can be run by 
```
python query_evaluator.py
```
##Documentation   
The documentation files can be generated by 
```
epydoc --config=doc_config.txt   
```
The files are then generated into the pythondoc folder (open index.html to view the documentation)   
